OSDOCS-12318: adds bootc image use to MicroShift (#90445)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/microshift-install-bootc-prepare-kickstart.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// microshift_install_bootc/microshift-install-running-bootc-image-in-VM.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="microshift-install-bootc-prepare-kickstart_{context}"]
= Creating the Kickstart file

You must create the Kickstart file to use during installation.

.Prerequisites

* You have root-user access.
* You are logged in to the physical hypervisor host.

.Procedure

. Set the `AUTH_CONFIG` environment variable to reference the secret file in the `kickstart.ks` file to authenticate private container registry access by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ AUTH_CONFIG=~/.quay-auth.json
----

. Set the `PULL_SECRET` environment variable to reference the secret files in the `kickstart.ks` file to authenticate the {OCP} registry access by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ PULL_SECRET=~/.pull-secret.json
----

. Set the `IMAGE_REF` environment variable to reference the image mode for your container image to use during installation by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal,subs="attributes+"]
----

> $ IMAGE_REF="quay.io/_<myorg>/<mypath>_/microshift-{product-version}-bootc" <1>

Reviewer: This is not rendered correctly.

----
<1> Replace _<myorg/<mypath>_ with your remote registry organization name and path.

> . Create the `kickstart.ks` file to be used during installation by running the following command:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Create the `kickstart.ks` file to use during installation by running the following script:
```

This looks like a script or is this something that users will run as a single command?

Author: It is a script, yeah.
